# A Study of Search Result Aggregation Approaches for the Digital Humanities

## Searching across diverse information platforms, such as digital humanities archives, academic digital libraries, and encyclopedias, poses challenges in managing the queries issued to each platform and synthesizing the resources discovered. While search result aggregation interfaces address this problem, how best to present the search results from different platforms in the search engine results page remains an open question.
In this research, we implemented three common approaches and developed a new technique for aggregating search results across three platforms: Europeana, our University’s academic library, and Wikipedia. The three common approaches (1) use tabs to switch between the platforms, (2) interleave results from each platform producing a single list, and (3) use a bento box approach to group results from each platform. The new technique organizes the search results into thematic clusters irrespective of their source platform. 
We designed a controlled laboratory study using a within-subjects design and exploratory search tasks conducted in the context of digital humanities searching. We collected data from 32 student participants, focusing on utility, perceived value, and diversity of saved resources. 
This study provides evidence that thematic clustering can be a beneficial aggregation approach, opening opportunities for studying different ways of representing and visualizing aggregated search results.
